Please put down your weapon. You have 20 seconds to comply.;ED-209;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I think you'd better do what he says, Mr. Kinney.;Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You now have 15 seconds to comply. You are in direct violation of Penal Code 1.13, Section 9.;ED-209;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You have 5 seconds to comply. 4. 3. 2. 1. I am now authorized to use physical force!;ED-209;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Somebody wanna call a goddamn paramedic?! Let's go, Johnson!;Bob Morton;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Donald Johnson: Did you pull the plug on this thing?;Donald Johnson;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Don't touch him.;Donald Johnson;Robocop;Sci-Fi
He didn't hear it?!;Donald Johnson;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Dick, I'm very disappointed.;The Old Man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I'm sure it's only a glitch. A temporary setback.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You call this a glitch?! We're scheduled to begin construction in 6 months. Your temporary setback could cost us 50 million dollars in interest payments alone!;The Old Man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Shit! I don't believe it!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You! You burnt the fucking money!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I had to blow the door! What do you want?;Bobby;Robocop;Sci-Fi
It's as good as marked, you asshole! You stupid, stupid asshole!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
We've got a cop on our tail!;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Move it! Bring it up!;Leon Nash;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hey, hey! This crate ain't going to outrun a cop!;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
What, are you crazy, man?!;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Shut the fuck up and do it! Just do it!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Central, this is 1-5-4. We are in pursuit of 2-1-1 suspects. Request backup.;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Roger, 1-5-4. Back up is currently unavailable.;Dispatcher;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Give me your piece.;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Backup ETA, 15 minutes.;Dispatcher;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Bobby, get the door! Everybody load up!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Ah, shit, Clarence! My leg!;Bobby;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Can you fly, Bobby?;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Okay. Let's see those hands, nice and easy.;Anne Lewis;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Sure. Mind if I… zip this up?;Cox;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Go ahead and do it. Dead or alive, you're coming with me.;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Lewis? Lewis? Lewis, I've got a situation here.;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Okay, tough guy, get up. Get up! Turn around. Spread your legs! That's right.;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Lewis, where are you? Are you all right?;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Your ass is mine!;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You a good cop, hotshot? Well sure you are! Boy, you must be some kind of a...great cop, coming here all by yourself.;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Well, guys, the other one was upstairs. She was swe-e-e-e-e-e-t, oom, oom, oom! I took her out!;Cox;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I bet that really pisses you off. You probably don't think I'm a very nice guy, do ya?;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Buddy, I think you're slime.;Alex Murphy;Robocop;Sci-Fi
See, I got this problem. Cops don't like me. So I don't like cops.;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Well, give the man a hand!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
All right, look out! Turn around! Hey, pretty boy! Hey, over here!;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hey Clarence, he's still alive.;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Does it hurt? Does it hurt?;Joe P. Cox;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Good night, sweet prince!;Joe P. Cox;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I-I'm what you call a repeat offender. I repeat, I will offend again! I get my orders from a higher source.;Arrested man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You're going to be a bad motherfucker!;Bob Morton;Robocop;Sci-Fi
What are your prime directives?;Bob Morton;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Serve the public trust. Protect the innocent. Uphold the law.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Congratulations, Bob. I remember when I was a young executive at this company. We used to call the old man funny names. "Iron Butt", "Boner", once I even called him... "asshole". But there was always respect. I always knew where the line was drawn. And you just stepped over it, buddy-boy. You've insulted me. And you've insulted this company with that bastard creation of yours. I had a guaranteed military sale with ED-209. Renovation program. Spare parts for 25 years. Who cares if it worked or not?;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
The old man thought it was pretty important... Dick.;Bob Morton;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You know... he's a sweet old man. And he means well. But he's not gonna live forever. And I'm number two around here. Pretty simple math, huh, Bob? You just... fucked with the wrong guy!;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You're out of your fucking mind!;Bob Morton;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You better pray... that that unholy monster of yours doesn't screw up. I'm cashing you out, Bob Morton.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I'd buy that for a dollar!;Bixby Snyder;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Thank you for your cooperation. Good night.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Your move, creep.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Okay, Miller. Don't hurt the mayor; we'll give you what you want.;Lt. Hedgecock;Robocop;Sci-Fi
First, don't fuck with me! I'm a desperate man! And second, I want some fresh coffee. And third, I want a recount! And no matter how it turns out, I want my old job back!;Ron Miller;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Okay.;Lt. Hedgecock;Robocop;Sci-Fi
And I want a bigger office! And I want a new car! And I want the city to pay for it all!;Ron Miller;Robocop;Sci-Fi
What kind of car, Miller?;Lt. Hedgecock;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Something with reclining leather seats, that goes really fast, and gets really shitty gas mileage!;Ron Miller;Robocop;Sci-Fi
How about the, uh, 6000 SUX?;Lt. Hedgecock;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Yeah! Okay, sure! What about cruise control? Does it come with cruise control?;Ron Miller;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hey, no problem, Miller. Let the mayor go, we'll even throw in a Blaupunkt.;Lt. Hedgecock;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Lieutenant, don't jerk me off! When people jerk me off, I kill them! You wanna see?! Get up. Get up, your honor. Get up. Get up! Your public wants to see you. Nobody ever takes me seriously! Well, get serious now, and kiss the mayor's ass goodbye!;Ron Miller;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Robo, excuse me, Robo! Any special message for all the kids watching at home?;Reporter;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Stay out of trouble.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Excuse me, I have to go. Somewhere, there is a crime happening.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Drop it! Dead or alive, you're coming with me.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I know you. You're dead! We killed you! We killed you!;Emil Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Bitches, leave!;Clarence Boddiker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I dunno, I dunno, maybe I'm just not making myself clear. I don't want to fuck with you, Sal, but I've got the connections, I've got the sales organization, I got the muscle to shove enough of this factory so far up your stupid wop ass, that you'll shit snow for a year!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Frankie, blow this cocksucker's head off.;Sal;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Ooh, guns, guns, guns! Come on, Sal! The Tigers are playing... tonight! I never miss a game.;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Just kidding.;Sal;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Come quietly or there will be trouble.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Aww, fuck you!;Steve Minh;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You know, I usually don't see anybody without an appointment, but in your case, I'll make an exception.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You are under arrest.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Oh? On what charge?;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Aiding and abetting a known felon.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Sounds like I'm in a lot of trouble. [holds out hands, as if preparing to be cuffed] You'd better take me in!;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I will.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
What's the matter, officer? I'll tell you what's the matter. It's a little insurance policy called "Directive 4", my contribution to your very psychological profile. Any attempt to arrest a senior officer of OCP results in shutdown. What did you think? That you were an ordinary police officer? You're our product. And we can't very well have our products turning against us, can we?;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Ah. Still a little fight left in you. Maybe you'd like to meet a friend of mine?;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake. Now it's time to erase that mistake.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hey, Dickey-boy, how's tricks?;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
That thing is still alive.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I don't know what you're talking about.;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
The police officer who arrested you, the one you spilled your guts to.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hey, take a look at my face, Dick! He was trying to kill me!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
He's a cyborg, you idiot! He recorded every word you said! His memories are admissable as evidence! You involved me! You're gonna have to kill it.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Well, listen, chief...your company built the fucking thing! Now I gotta deal with it?! I don't have time for this bullshit! [heads for the door];Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Suit yourself, Clarence. But Delta City begins construction in two months. That's two million workers living in trailers. That means drugs. Gambling. Prostitution. [Boddicker stops, backtracks into the room] Virgin territory for the man who knows how to open up new markets. One man could control it all, Clarence.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Well, I guess we're gonna be friends after all… Richard.;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Destroy it.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Gonna need some major firepower. You got access to military weaponry?;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
We practically are the military.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Cobra Assault Cannon! State of the art "bang-bang"!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I LIKE IT!;Emil M. Antonowsky;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Sayonara, RoboCop!;Clarence Boddicker;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Murphy! I'm a mess!;Lewis;Robocop;Sci-Fi
They'll fix you. They fix everything.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
How can we help you, officer?;Old Man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Dick Jones is wanted for murder.;Robocop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
This is absurd! That...thing...is a violent, mechanical psychopath!;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
My program will not allow me to act against an officer of this company.;Robocop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
These are serious charges. What is your evidence?;Old Man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
[on recording] I had to kill Bob Morton because he made a mistake; now it's time to erase that mistake.;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
I want a chopper! Now! We will walk to the roof, very calmly! I will board the chopper with my hostage. Anybody tries to stop me, the old geezer gets it!;Dick Jones;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Dick, you're fired!;The Old Man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Thank you.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hey wait a second!;Kaplan;Robocop;Sci-Fi
He's a cop for god's sake!;Manson;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Hedgecock you can't do that!;Ramirez;Robocop;Sci-Fi
We had orders to destroy it.;Lt. Hedgecock;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Ah shit!;Manson;Robocop;Sci-Fi
You're maniacs!;Kaplan;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Murphy! Murphy, it's me! Lewis.;Anne Lewis;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Lieutenant! Level 3! He's on Level 3!;Lt. Hedgecock's man 1;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Nice shootin', son. What's your name?;Old Man;Robocop;Sci-Fi
Murphy.;RoboCop;Robocop;Sci-Fi
